

### Hi there 👋

My Name is Martin 

- 🔭 I’m currently working on 
- 🌱 I’m currently learning Python
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on IoT
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with ...
- 💬 Ask me about 
- 📫 How to reach me:
- 😄 Pronouns: ...
- ⚡ Fun fact: 
  - I made 
  - I am fan of 


## 👩🏼‍💻 Engineering Experience

**Frontend Engineer** @ [BRYTER](https://bryter.com/) _(Dec 2020 - Present)_ <br>
No-code platform that enables professionals to build interactive applications.
  - Wrote code in multiple architecture layers, including the application core and integrations with external services
  - Implemented a new Vue 3 app using Vite to replace a legacy Vue 2 and Webpack architecture
  - **_Technologies used:_** Vue, TypeScript, Jest, Testing Library, HTML, CSS, Sass, Vite, Web Components (LitElement).
<br><br>

**Google Season of Docs 2020 | Technical Writer** @ [GraphQL Foundation](https://foundation.graphql.org/) _(Aug 2020 - Jan 2021)_ <br>
[Google Season of Docs](https://developers.google.com/season-of-docs/docs/participants) is a program matching experienced technical writers with open source organizations.
  - Created a [Frequently Asked Questions (FAQ) resource](https://graphql.org/faq/) for graphql.org, including all the content and page functionality

  - **_Technologies used:_** CSS, React, TypeScript, Gatsby, GraphQL.
<br><br>

**Software Engineer** @ [Meeshkan](http://meeshkan.com/) _(Oct 2019 - Sep 2020)_ <br>
Early-stage startup focused on automated API testing and NLP.
  - Built the [website](https://meeshkan.com/) and the initial web app that visualized the test reports
  - Maintained [unmock-js](https://github.com/meeshkan/unmock-js), an open-source fuzz testing library

**DigitalHub**
digital innovation hub - for education


**in a nutshell:** a coordinated group of organisations with complementary expertise and a public benefit objective, offering a set of services and activities to companies to support their digital transformation and innovation through a one stop shop

... cf https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ohOOoGpfYgc


**Putting Digital Innovation Hubs into Regional Context - A European survey Authors: Johan Miörner, Gabriel Rissola, Jens Sörvik, Joakim  Wernberg**
Editors: Gabriel Rissola, Annita Kalpaka 2019
**Link**; https://publications.jrc.ec.europa.eu/repository/bitstream/JRC117910/jrc117910_dihs_survey_jrc_report_pubsy_online.pdf

This publication is a Technical report by the Joint Research Centre (JRC), the European Commission’s science and knowledge service. It aims to provide evidence-based scientific support to the European policymaking process. The scientific output expressed does not imply a policy position of the European Commission. Neither the European Commission nor any person acting on behalf of the Commission is responsible for the use that might be made of this publication.
Contact information Name: Gabriel Rissola Address: Edificio Expo, c/Inca Garcilaso 3, 41092, Seville, Spain Email: gabriel.rissola@ec.europa.eu; JRC-DIR-B-SECRETARIAT@ec.europa.eu
Tel.: +344.954.488.423; +34.954.488.289 EU Science Hub https://ec.europa.eu/jrc JRC117910 EUR 29845 EN PDF ISBN 978-92-76-10951-8 ISSN 1831-9424 doi:10.2760/339108 Print ISBN 978-92-76-10952-5 ISSN 1018-5593 doi:10.2760/898433
Luxembourg: Publications Office of the European Union, 2019 © European Union, 2019

The reuse policy of the European Commission is implemented by Commission Decision 2011/833/EU of 12 December 2011 on the reuse of Commission documents (OJ L 330, 14.12.2011, p. 39). Reuse is authorised, provided the source of the document is acknowledged and its original meaning or message is not distorted. The European Commission shall not be liable for any consequence stemming from the reuse. For any use or reproduction of photos or other material that is not owned by the EU, permission must be sought directly from the copyright holders. All content © European Union, 2019, except: Cover page, tawanlubfah, image #128645562, 2019. Source: stock.adobe.com How to cite this report: Miörner, J., Rissola, G., Sörvik, J. and Wernberg, J., Putting Digital Innovation Hubs into Regional Context. A European survey, Rissola, G and Kalpaka, A. (Eds.), EUR 29845 EN, Publications Office of the European Union, Luxembourg, 2019, ISBN 978-92-76-10951-8, doi:10.2760/339108, JRC117910

**Abstract**: While digitalisation is oftentimes thought of as a global megatrend and something that transcends national borders and geographical distances, it is at the same time a very tangible process exhibiting considerable regional and sectoral variation. Against this backdrop, Digital Innovation Hubs (DIHs) (a policy initiative in the context of the Digitising European Industry (DEI) strategy of the EU) constitute an important complementary and regionally anchored policy, whose impact can be boosted if combined with other EU-wide innovation supporting initiatives (i.e. regional/national innovation strategies). After three years of the launch and successful deployment of the DIHs initiative, a survey has been conducted among DIH managers and regional policy managers working with Smart Specialisation Strategies all over the EU28. The survey provided a useful insight of the digital maturity level of the regional contexts in which DIHs operate and what role they have undertaken in their respective regions, as well as the DIHs' characteristics and activities in their regional context and other important aspects such as collaboration, strategies and funding. This report consists of a thorough analysis of the collected answers. Delivered together with a case study analysis of six (6) regional DIHs in different socio-economic contexts (separate report), they aim at providing useful evidence on current strengths, weaknesses and variations of DIHs also in view of the planning for the upcoming Digital Europe Programme (DEP) and its funding priorities Executive Summary While digitalisation is oftentimes thought of as a global megatrend and something that transcends national borders and geographical distances, it is at the same time a very tangible process that exhibits considerable regional and sectoral variation. Against this backdrop, Digital Innovation Hubs (DIHs) constitute an important complementary and regionally anchored policy instrument to match other EU-wide initiatives such as those associated with the Digital Europe Programme planned by the European Commission to start in 2021. Such a regional take on digitalisation also coincides with other policy instruments focused on territorial development such as Smart Specialisation Strategies (RIS3), thereby creating potential synergies and interactions between policy initiatives. The aim and scope of this report is to provide an overview of the current state of DIHs registered in the Online Catalogue tool1 (yellow pages of DIHs) with respect to variations in regional digitalisation as well as to other regional policy initiatives and in particular Smart Specialisation Strategies. The report is based on a survey sent out primarily to DIH managers but also to regional policy managers working with Smart Specialisation Strategies. Because of its general nature, the survey does not give causal interpretations of the DIHs impact on regional development, or of how regional variations impact the development of individual DIHs. Instead, results should first and foremost be interpreted in terms of variation and of correlation, providing a picture of what role DIHs have taken in their respective regions.
**Key conclusions**
According to the results of the first survey between DIHs managers and policy managers, the emphasis in the studied regions is put on digitalisation in manufacturing industries and production processes. Respondents consider that digital competitiveness is higher among larger companies than among smaller firms, while the public sector is perceived to have the lowest degree of digital maturity. There are significant variations across hardware, software and digital services, as well as concerning the technology focuses of Digital Europe programme, which provide important insights  to future policy initiatives. DIHs activities typically cover several of its expected missions (testing and experimentation, financing, skills, and ecosystem-building), targeting a wide variety of different sectors. However,

most DIHs act within their usual stakeholder environment and do not seem to have the appropriate capabilities to reach out to a much larger number of (traditional) SMEs. A risk that existing testbeds are underutilised or that they only act as showrooms rather than platforms for experimentation was identified. DIHs bring together actors and funding from a wider variety of sources, signalling that it is becoming an institution in its own right. The background role of education, training and skill development raise some concerns in terms of reaching those not engaged yet in policy initiatives stimulating the former. Finally, while DIHs do collaborate with other ecosystem players like regional authorities, universities and clusters, they still fail to perform as proper multi-sided platforms, which may undermine their expected brokerage role. If one considers that DIHs as a policy initiative were born only three years ago, they have made great progress to define their profile and conquer their own space as digital transformation agents in their territories, but still there is room for maturing their capacities and serving more SMEs across Europe


Digital Innovation Hubs in Smart Specialisation Strategies Early lessons from European regions Gabriel Rissola, Jens Sörvik 2018 This publication is a Technical report by the Joint Research Centre (JRC), the European Commission’s science and knowledge service. It aims to provide evidence-based scientific support to the European policymaking process. The scientific output expressed does not imply a policy position of the European Commission. Neither the European Commission nor any person acting on behalf of the Commission is responsible for the use that might be made of this publication. Contact information Name: Gabriel Rissola Address: Edificio Expo, c/Inca Garcilaso 3, 41092, Seville, Spain Email: gabriel.rissola@ec.europa.eu; JRC-DIR-B-SECRETARIAT@ec.europa.eu Tel.: +344.954.488.423; +34.954.488.289 EU Science Hub https://ec.europa.eu/jrc JRC113111 EUR 29374 EN

**Link**; https://www.researchgate.net/publication/328530001_Digital_Innovation_Hubs_in_Smart_Specialisation_Strategies

**Abstract:** This report examines the synergetic place-based relationships of Digital Innovation Hubs (DIH) and Smart Specialisation Strategies (S3) in selected European regions, with DIHs being the policy outcome of a S3 process or an active actor participating in S3 entrepreneurial discovery processes (EDP) and implementing parts of a S3. By supporting the digitisation of the local industry DIHs also enhance the regional innovation ecosystem, either with the provision of horizontal digitalisation support or by leading a S3 priority area. One clear role of DIHs is to make available support easier to find for local SMEs and industry. DIHs work according to different business models and a targeted funding mix plus a matrix of different funding instruments for the digital transformation of SMEs are required for their sustainability. The report compiles 7 relevant examples (1 national and 6 regional).

**Foreword:** The digital revolution brings opportunities for big and small companies across Europe, but many of them, especially SMEs, still find it difficult to make the most out of it. On average in the EU, only about 1 out of 5 companies is highly digitised, and there are still large disparities between regions in the take-up of ICT technologies. To address these differences, it is important that every region responds to the specific needs of their industry to go digital. Regions should build on the strengths identified in their smart specialisation strategies, and align their efforts with the capabilities of companies to use digital innovations, the sectors where they are strong, and the support structures they have available. At the same time, aligning smart specialisation strategies with the overall policies of the European Union is crucial to increase impact. The European Commission launched the Digitising European Industry (DEI) initiative in 20161, coordinating with Member States and regions towards common goals. One of key elements of the DEI initiative are Digital Innovation Hubs (DIHs). DIHs act as one-stop-shops where SMEs and mid-caps can test the latest digital technologies and get training, financing advice, market intelligence and networking opportunities to improve their business through digital innovations. Digital Innovation Hubs are rooted in their regional ecosystem and can be orchestrators of digital transformation. However, collaboration and networking between the different DIHs are also essential to ensure best practices can be exported to other regions, and missing expertise can be imported, ensuring an efficient innovation ecosystem. The EU is supporting that networking with €100 million per year from 2016 to 2020. A very practical result is the DIHs catalogue established under the S3 Platform2, which aims to help, on the one hand, DIHs to exchange best practices, and, on the other hand, companies to find DIHs that offer the services they need. The catalogue is also a good proof of how DIHs are flourishing across Europe (currently mapping more than 170 operational hubs) and how we are progressing towards the goal of having one DIH in every region by 2020. With initiatives like the network of DIHs we are therefore setting the basis for European industry to succeed in its digital transformation. Now is the time to keep working together with national authorities, regional actors, and industry to ensure that every company - whichever the sector, wherever the location, whatever the size - can draw full benefits of digital opportunities. This report presents best practices coming from regions investing in Digital Innovation Hubs. I hope other regions that want to invest in Digital Innovation Hubs will find it inspiring, and will find their way to set up Digital Innovation Hubs in their regions.



**The digital transformation of SMEs – a new knowledge broker called the digital innovation hub**
Antonio Crupi, Nicola Del Sarto, Alberto Di Minin, Gian Luca Gregori, Dominique Lepore, Luca Marinelli and Francesca Spigarelli

**Abstract - Purpose** – This study aims to understand if and how European digital innovation hubs (DIHs) filling the role of knowledge brokers (KBs) can support the digital transformation (DX) of small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) by triggering open innovation (OI) practices. Design/methodology/approach – After presenting a conceptual model of reference, a survey and a subsequent in-depth interview were conducted to capture evidence from Italian DIHs. These structures were selected for their growing importance, as confirmed by the National Plan for Industry 4.0. Findings – The findings highlight that Italian DIHs act not only as KBs but also as knowledge sources that give rise to a digital imprinting process that is able to shape the DX of SMEs. Originality/value – Research on knowledge sharing and OI has mainly focused on large firms. The study covers the gaps identified in the literature by considering the role of KBs in enabling SMEs to embrace DX. Keywords Digital transformation, SMEs, Knowledge sharing, Knowledge brokers, Digital innovation hubs Paper type Research pape

Link; https://www.researchgate.net/publication/342131261_The_digital_transformation_of_SMEs_-a_new_knowledge_broker_called_the_digital_innovation_hub

1. Introduction
The sum of the knowledge acquired by firms (Voelpel et al., 2005) represents a key resource for the achievement of a sustainable competitive advantage (Caloghirou et al.,2004; Miller and Shamsie, 1996). By leveraging external knowledge sources, firms may expand their knowledge base (Gronum et al., 2012) and increase their innovative performance (Laursen and Salter, 2006). For this reason, firms must adopt a knowledge driven approach, as this is considered one of the strongest determinants of innovation (Scuotto et al., 2017a, 2017b, 2017c). Within the stream of knowledge management (KM) literature (Nonaka and Takeuchi, 1995), knowledge sharing (KS) is defined as the process through which firms or individuals exchange knowledge informally, without specific compensation (Tallman et al., 2004). According to Allameh (2018), KS practices can enhance organizational innovation capabilities as they may increase innovation through a positive effect on social capital dimensions. Moreover, KS practices have been analyzed by Bogers (2012) within the open innovation (OI) paradigm, as scholars consider such practices to be a way of accessing external knowledge for achieving collaborative innovation (Bogers, 2011; Zhou and Li, 2012). Openness to external knowledge becomes even more relevant in the context of the digital transformation (DX), which is recognized as a new strategic imperative that is changing the basis of firms’ competitive advantage (Fitzgerald et al., 2014) DX is defined as the process of using digital technologies to create new business processes and customer experiences that can meet the changing business and market requirements. DX processes can provide access and means to share the knowledge that is created and transferred (Urbinati et al., 2018). Although digital technologies may play a pivotal role in the development of small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) (EC, 2015), such firms remain cautious in adopting the solutions offered by these emerging technologies (Schro¨der, 2016). Considering that SMEs are the cornerstones of the economic growth of national economies (OECD, 2017), how SMEs may adopt digital technologies is an interesting topic to investigate. Extant research on the ways that SMEs can effectively participate in DX is limited (Barann et al., 2019). At the same time, as underlined by Simao and Franco (2018), there is still a lack of attention on how relations with external partners can deliver knowledge that can be exploited by firms, especially SMEs. We attempt to fill this gap by exploring the following research questions:

RQ1. Can DIHs be considered knowledge brokers (KBs)? If so, how are DIHs supporting the DX processes of SMEs? To answer these questions, we explore the role of KBs in supporting the sharing of knowledge for the DX of SMEs. Indeed, KBs, defined as individuals or organizations that mediate interactions between a pair of unconnected actors (Burt, 2007), may help SMEs in their DX. The study is based on the case of digital innovation hubs (DIHs), defined as one stop shops that can help companies become more competitive with regard to their business/production processes, products or services by using digital technologies. The study aims to understand if and how DIHs can be conceived as KBs to facilitate the introduction of digital technologies in SMEs by triggering OI practices. The research draws upon the Italian case due to the importance of these DIHs in driving the DX of SMEs as a result of the Industry 4.0 National Plan, “Piano Nazionale Industria 4.0,” implemented by the Italian Government in 2017. Our findings show that Italian DIHs act not only as KBs but also as knowledge sources that support the exchange and integration of knowledge between SMEs and the DIHs partners, who are chosen as digital technology providers for the SMEs. Overall, the Italian sample of DIHs provides evidence of a process that, according to our findings, we name digital imprinting. This is a process by which the inner characteristics of a KB impact the DX process of SMEs. The article is structured as follows. In Sections 1 and 2, the literature on KS and KBs is reviewed and links with the OI paradigm are considered. Then, in Section 3, after presenting the conceptual model, the methodology and context of the study are explained. In Sections 4 and 5, the findings are discussed, and then conclusions are drawn and suggestions for future research are presented.

A Quality Innovation Strategy for an Inter-regional Digital Innovation Hub Jonas Queiroza , Paulo Leitãoa , Joseane Pontesb , André Chavesa , Javier Parra-Domínguezc and María E. Perez-Ponsc a Research Centre in Digitalization and Intelligent Robotics (CeDRI), Instituto Politécnico de Bragança, Campus de Santa Apolónia, 5300-253 Bragança, Portugal. b Universidade Tecnológica Federal do Paraná (UTFPR), Campus Ponta Grossa, Paraná, Brasil. c BISITE Research Group, University of Salamanca, Edificio Multiusos I+D+i, 37007 Salamanca, Spain. {jpqueiroz, pleitao, a.chaves}@ipb.pt; joseane@utfpr.edu.br;

**Link**; https://www.semanticscholar.org/paper/A-Quality-Innovation-Strategy-for-an-Inter-regional-Queiroz-Leit%C3%A3o/f8035d200033a18d32df4db921fae660bfdc3324


**Abstract**: Industry 4.0 is reshaping the way all the economic sectors are working. The complete adoption and understanding by the companies, large or small, of the digital transformation opportunities and benefits, requires the existence of effective instruments. Digital Innovation Hubs (DIHs) are an important instrument, strongly promoted by the European Commission, to help companies to take advantage of digital opportunities. Aiming to boost and create synergies between several DIHs and research centers located in the northern region of Portugal and Spain, and considering the disruptive ICT technologies, the establishment of an inter-regional DIH that results from the cooperation between these entities assumes a crucial importance to transform this region into an innovative pole of reference. This paper aims to describe the strategy for the management and improvement of the quality of the innovation being developed by this inter-regional DIH under the scope of the DISRUPTIVE project. Besides considering the individual strategies of the associated members, it includes cooperative aspects, regarding the sharing of knowledge, technology, and skills, aiming to improve the quality of innovation, as well as the adoption of digitization by the companies in this region

1. Introduction
In the context of the 4th industrial revolution, we are noticing the digital transformation of all economic sectors, allowing to increase productivity and competitiveness. This digital revolution introduces opportunities for large and small companies, but many of them still have a long way to implement the digital transformation, also having difficulties in understanding the true dimension of this transformation and which technologies will bring benefits to their business processes. A recent survey focusing on companies from various industrial production sectors predicts an increase in the level of digitization and networking in industries by 2020 from 33% to 72% (Geissbauer et al., 2016), while other reports, e.g., (Blanchet and Rinn, 2016), point out an adoption rate of around 50% of the Industry 4.0 concepts, principles and technologies by 2035 for Western European countries. According to European Commission reports related to the “Shaping Europe’s digital future” program (European Commision, 2020), only 20% of European companies are highly digitized, with 60% of large industries and over 90% of SMEs (Small and Medium Enterprises) being late in the adoption of the digital innovation. In this context, Digital Innovation Hubs (DIHs) are an instrument that can help all companies, small or large, high-tech or not, to take advantage of digital opportunities. A DIH can be defined as a  support service for companies to become more competitive in the context of digital transformation, allowing them to improve their production processes, through the automation or incorporation of disruptive and digital technologies. DIHs serve companies, taking into account their regional proximity, allowing the easier access to the latest knowledge, experience, technology, and innovation, as well as  providing commercial and financial support to implement innovation in terms of business, production process, product or service, within the scope of digital transformation. Also, according to the “Shaping Europe’s digital future” program, a DIH has 4 main functions: promote an innovation and networking ecosystem, provide skills and training, provide environments for prototyping and testing, and provide support to find investments (European Commision, 2020).

Business Intelligence & Innovation: A Digital Innovation Hub as Intermediate for Service Interaction and System Innovation for Small and Medium-sized Enterprises Florian Maurer To cite this version: Florian Maurer. Business Intelligence & Innovation: A Digital Innovation Hub as Intermediate for Service Interaction and System Innovation for Small and Medium-sized Enterprises. 22nd IFIP WG 5.5 Working Conference on VIRTUAL ENTERPRISES, PRO-VE 2021, Nov 2021, Saint-Etienne, France. 12p, ff10.1007/978-3-030-85969-5_42ff. ffemse-03346103


**Link**; HAL Id: emse-03346103 https://hal-emse.ccsd.cnrs.fr/emse-03346103
Submitted on 25 Nov 2021 HAL is a multi-disciplinary open access archive for the deposit and dissemination of scientific research documents, whether they are published or not. The documents may come from teaching and research institutions in France or abroad, or from public or private research centers. L’archive ouverte pluridisciplinaire HAL, est destinée au dépôt et à la diffusion de documents scientifiques de niveau recherche, publiés ou non, émanant des établissements d’enseignement et de recherche français ou étrangers, des laboratoires publics ou privés.

**Abstract:** Digital Innovation Hubs are a policy instrument of the European Commission to keep with the speed of the digital transformation within the European economy (especially small- and medium-sized enterprises, mid-caps). Within this article, the Digital Innovation Hub on Business Intelligence & Innovation within the region of the Federal State of Vorarlberg is presented and a possible network of collaborators and co-creators get introduced. In doing so, the academic discipline of Service Science – Service-Dominant Logic – is presented as theoretical manifestation. The contextual embedment of this article at hand is in the European Commission’s Digitising European Industry Strategy (2016) and European Industrial & Digital Strategies (2020). Based on these, a collaborative network of collaborators and co-creators for the Digital Innovation Hub on Business Intelligence & Innovation to increase service interaction and system innovation get introduced. Keywords: Digital Innovation Hub, Business Intelligence & Innovation, Service Science, Network Collaboration,

1 Introduction European economy run the risk to lack the digitization of its systems [1]. As highlighted by the European Commission (2021), around 60% of large industries and more than 90% of small- and medium-sized enterprises lag behind in digital innovation [2]. The willingness of the managers and organizational decision makers to go with the digital transformation, as explored empirically, is high. But also, due to limited resources and missing interorganizational system interaction and service innovation, the organizations run the risk to miss the implementation of the Industry 4.0 technologies into systems [3]. No organization can innovate in isolation and (European) Digital Innovation Hubs (DIH), a policy instrument of the European Commission, play an important role Maurer F. (2021) Business Intelligence and Innovation: A Digital Innovation Hub as Intermediate for Service Interaction and System Innovation for Small and MediumSized Enterprises. In: Camarinha-Matos L.M., Boucher X., Afsarmanesh H. (eds) Smart and Sustainable Collaborative Networks 4.0. PRO-VE 2021. IFIP Advances in Information and Communication Technology, vol 629. Springer, Cham. https://doi.org/10.1007/978-3-030-85969-5_42 436 F. Maurer within this field of collaborative innovation. DIHs are designed to build up of structured relationships with, for example, regional authorities, industrial clusters, SME associations, incubators, accelerators, chambers of commerce, etc. Their task is to bring together the stakeholders among the supply- and value-chain for open and collaborative innovation, incl. co-creation of value, testing and experimentation

Exploring heterogeneous Digital Innovation Hubs in their context - a comparative case study of six (6) DIHs with links to S3, innovation systems and digitalisation on a regional scale

September 2019 DOI:10.2760/19710 Report number: EUR 29851Affiliation: European Commission Project: Smart Specialisation Platform Authors: Johan Miörner Eawag: Das Wasserforschungs-Institut des ETH-Bereichs Annita Kalpaka Jens Sörvik Region Skåne Joakim Wernberg Lund University

**Link**; https://www.researchgate.net/publication/336115378_Exploring_heterogeneous_Digital_Innovation_Hubs_in_their_context_-_a_comparative_case_study_of_six_6_DIHs_with_links_to_S3_innovation_systems_and_digitalisation_on_a_regional_scale

**Abstract:**
This report explores the regional variation in organisation and implementation of DIHs across six (6) different EU regions: Saxony-Anhalt (Germany), Wielkopolska (Poland), Northern Ostrobothnia (Finland), Tallinn (Estonia), Andalusia (Spain) and Central Macedonia (Greece). The case studies were conducted in conjunction with a wider survey among DIH managers and regional policy managers (RIS3) whose results are presented in a separate JRC Technical Report. While the survey covers a wider scope of questions, this report follows a comparative approach in order to identify common denominators, strengths and challenges concerning 1) how the DIHs are set-up; 2) how DIHs are fitted to the regional policy- and economic context, with particular attention given to the connection between DIHs and the regional/national smart specialisation strategy (RIS3); 3) how regions could better benefit by DIHs; 4) what are the funding sources and how they are coordinated. The report aims to contribute to our understanding of different models of DIHs registered in the DIH Catalogue (yellow pages) across regions and their respective interactions with the regional/national innovation ecosystems and specifically the smart specialisation strategies. The selected approach has also helped to highlight current good practices and suggest alternative ideas on how to set up future DIHs (e.g. multi-sided platforms model) also in view of the upcoming Digital Europe Programme (DEP).
